Famous
A lie can travel half way around the word before truth gets its boots on - Mark Twain
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times - Charles Dickens
Stop killing our children - Mother Teresa
If you hear a good joke, never laugh, remember - Milton Berle
Well done is better than well said - Benjamin Franklin
It's hard to beat a person who never gives up - Babe Ruth
A sad soul can kill quicker than a germ - John Steinback
Never give up! Failure and rejection are only the first step to succeeding - Jim Valvanao
Persistence can change failure into extraordinary achievement - Matt Biondi
Winners never quit and quitters never win - Vince Lombardi
A winner never stops trying - Tom Landry
Remember that failure is an event, not a person - Zig Ziglar
Life is not fair; get used to it - Bill Gates
If you can't tolerate critics, don't do anything new or interesting - Jeff Bezos
It always seems impossible until its done - Nelson Mandela
Live long and prosper - Spock
A minute of thought is greater than an hour of talk - John Maxwell
Be healed - Ernest Angley
The best way to predict the future is to create it - Peter Drucker
Nip it, nip it, nip it.  Nip it in the bud - Barney Fife
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself - FDR
Read my lips; no new taxes - George H. W. Bush
Don't go away mad, just go away - Jim Carey
Whatever you are, be a good one - A. Lincoln
It ain't over till it's over - Y. Berra
Yesterday’s home runs don’t win today’s games - B. Ruth

Bible 
The Lord is my shepherd I shall not want - King David
I am the way the truth and the life, no man comes to the Father except through me - Jesus Christ
The love of money is the root of all sorts of evil - Apostle Paul
To answer before listening, that is folly and shame - King Solomon
For I know the plans I have for you, plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future - Prophet Jeremiah
Love the Lord your God with all you heart, soul mind and strength - Moses
In all this you greatly rejoice, though now for a little while you may have had to suffer grief in all kinds of trials - Apostle Peter
He will take great delight in you; in his love he will no longer rebuke you, but will rejoice over you with singing. - Prophet Zephaniah
He who began a good work in you will carry it on to completion until the day of Christ Jesus - Apostle Paul
And surely I am with you always, to the very end of the age. - Jesus Christ
You shall have no other gods before me - God (Moses)
All Scripture is God-breathed and is useful for teaching, rebuking, correcting and training in righteousness. - Paul to Timothy
Consider it pure joy, my brothers, whenever you face trials of many kinds. - James
Trust in the LORD with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding.  In all your ways acknowledge him, and he will make your paths straight. - Solomon
 If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just and will forgive us our sins and purify us from all unrighteousness. - John
 Have I not commanded you? Be strong and courageous. Do not be terrified; do not be discouraged, for the LORD your God will be with you wherever you go. - Joshua
